the stock market is sleeping in
particular the SNP 500 has barely moved
in the last 36 trading days in the
meantime more investors are believing
safety and stability has been restored
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you today we are going
to talk about something that hasn't
happened
ever look at
this the market is bobbing and weaving
around new hives that's according to
David Rosenberg Chief Economist here but
more importantly something that was said
and we need to cover it we going down in
this paragraph negative momentum is
picking up under the surface even as the
major stock indexes hit all-time highs
or we're close to them stocks in the S&P
1500 index weren't showing as much
enthusiasm gauged by the relative
strength index and abnormal abnormally
low number of stocks have seen extreme
positive momentum and a rising number
are seeing extreme negative momentum so
here we have
this Chasm that has formed once again
adding to all the other
chasms and it seems to be that this same
issue that has been going on since the
beginning of this so-called bull market
Fiat bull market has been a problem ever
since never stopped what is that
essentially the fact that it is
particular stocks which have sent the
S&P 500 all the other stock markets
Rising particularly the S&P that
is it isn't entire sectors which have
been rising you always see that there
are a few stocks in particular which if
you were to remove those from each of
the sectors all of a sudden the picture
looks completely different why we have
incentive programs available to central
banks to purchase shares of these stock
markets and that allows them to push the
price higher and higher why because they
can just print up some money and throw
it over there and that's the way this
works you have these central banks
creating liquidity at such a rapid rate
and they control what happens in the
markets using their ability to
manipulate
liquidity to dry it up as they see fit
to Dole it
out that allows them to manipul ulate
prices on a different
level so what we have here is a dry
spell going on in the markets but it
gives the impression as I said at the
beginning that everything is calm calm
Waters come on in come on in it sounds
pretty
good look at this two charts
interconnected charts S&P 500
consecutive intad day less than 1% and
this chart although it says ever the
chart doesn't go that far back but
regardless you can see that it broke the
record right here going back past what
we saw in
1995 and then looking at this the S&P
has gone 36 trading days without uh 1%
move from high to
low it is sleeping it's taking a nap
right now all right and then this right
here is the chart for the S&P while you
can see that it has moved up in terms of
actually the uh
numbers themselves it isn't that
significant over the past uh month in
fact so when you see these on a timeline
here you know it doesn't show exactly
where the beginning of the year is but
percentage wise although it has been
moving it really is stagnating in
comparison to what it was doing
previously the Yuan fix we're going back
to a few weeks low here and this has
been a number that although this chart
only goes back a couple months we can
see some definite change happening with
the uh rates the uh USD uan uh
difference here and I would say that
this is something that is done
intentionally there's no denying that
you can't suggest that these are natural
market forces because especially with
the foreign exchange markets we know
that these are are actually uh not
manipulated as in un you know under the
table behind the scenes no not at all
they are in fact moved and adjusted
according to whatever value they
desire Bitcoin China you can see that
the price
had come down
significantly based on this pblc probe
but ever since then it has been rising
significantly going back up towards uh
what it was previously at its peak so
look for Bitcoin to do increasingly well
as countries start to crack down more
and more and that gives you some idea of
where you can see the price because I do
see countries crippling the individual's
ability to transact individual's ability
to uh pull money out of the country and
as that happens you're going to see
Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies and
everything like this start to rise it's
just a simple matter of fact whether
they're using them to store their money
in or perhaps just using them to get
their money out it's very interesting
and this here just another uh situation
you're seeing the golden which I found
interesting with a lot of holidays
happening where uh
the uh the actual value here was
increasing but this goes interconnected
of course with the uh Chinese exchange
rate and uh right away basically after
that it
drops I just wanted to cover that I
thought it was
interesting look at this Bank of America
okay again robots automation I like to
cover it you know practically every
video I seem to have an article or two
to cover on this topic Bank of America
opened three
completely automated branches over the
past month customers can use ATMs video
conferences with employees at other
branches and this shows you that they
are going more and more towards
automation it isn't Factory workers
being displaced it is all jobs your
seeing the robo advisors you're seeing
uh different tellers you're seeing um
look at the Amazon store all kinds being
replaced by these uh automation Robotics
and everything else and it seems to be
really really taking off and people seem
to be and many people in fact seem to be
enjoying it more I don't know uh what's
your opinion on that I'd like to know if
you found this video informative please
give me a thumbs up
if you would like to look through the
book just go over to Amazon because they
they have a look inside feature that
will allow you to flip through the pages
of the book and see if you like it take
care if you're still here just wanted to
let you know I ended up changing
the little Banner image here when you go
to the money GPS YouTube channel trying
to make it consistent with the title
from my new book
using the same image from the background
anyway I'm trying to uh just you know
touch up the images and things that are
really outdated and stuff so wanted to
let you know take care